Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I'm short version. So we don't waste a bunch of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm young.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole platform across the planet. This is a very popular platform.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's just overburden, so we're not kidding about checking in early. I'm so glad you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I jumped on I create screenshot. I had the supervisor checking in. He was right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Look. In this section, my client has that screenshot. You can see I couldn't get in
Gwenevere Abriel: And they couldn't see you couldn't see you couldn't see you couldn't see you and I sat in there like you're telling me you can't see her. Finally, just a few seconds ago. They said, no, I can see her now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they just couldn't. It couldn't IT COULDN'T YOU COULDN'T GET I don't have the technological terms to describe it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you get to see your daughter.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do. I'm so excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna do, what are you going to do today.
Lyndsey Lorett: I got some crafts.
Lyndsey Lorett: To do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was, um, what's home life been like, I went has group been like kind of bring me up to speed about things that have been kind of weighing heavy on your mind.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm not. Not a whole lot. I'm enjoying group very much. I'm learning a lot and I'm trying not to get wrapped up in home life because I was so in it.
Lyndsey Lorett: That like this is, you guys are my outlet to come out in Greece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remind me. Are you a
Gwenevere Abriel: DO YOU ARE YOU HAVE A copay just want to check because I'm trying to see if you want to do, you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to make note of my other groups. If you ever want to drop in, you're more than welcome to they will bill your insurance but
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, everyone needs more services right now everyone's at really check in more and more and more and more. So you're more than welcome to give you more time to process maybe wait was unsettling. We give like 15 seconds for every to make a comment. I
Lyndsey Lorett: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: The same. So then we have that time to sort of marinate with it. If you have your recovery journal. I can give you some other groups.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, yes, it would be lovely. If you gave me a heads up. But worst case.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could just drop in. I'm not kidding you could just say hey, Glenn said I could attend more groups, I'd like to attend this one and they'll message to say, hey, could you messaged her and I'll be sitting right here and it comes to this slack program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and yes let her in. So don't be daunted if there's any confusion. It's just that it would be a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: But everybody goes to everybody else's groups we visit, they make up groups, things like that. So it's not unprecedented
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Okay. So we have Monday 9am Monday 1pm we have Tuesday 7am you know that I'm adding next week, yet but do I'm you. You don't want to go on the same day though but
Gwenevere Abriel: There is one in case something goes sideways. There was a 12 o'clock. I'm adding starting next week. On Tuesday, I don't have anything on Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Process when we meet and then group Thursday at 11 Friday at noon. They're all mountain standard
Lyndsey Lorett: Awesome, but so are you saying I can't go to two meetings in one day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you don't want to do two groups on same day don't want to do individual and group. So you want to kind of spread it out be thinking, well, I can disperse
Gwenevere Abriel: My services across the week a bit
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I could do a Monday or Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Thursday. I think you would thoroughly enjoy
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know the composition of people in there. I'm Friday, it would probably be like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, um, it tends to be my folks that are brand new to concepts of recovery. I don't know why it ended up that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometimes we don't even get to do any of those last minute. Tell me what your thoughts are, you know, What did you notice about yourself that was sort of reflection things. I don't even have time for it sometimes. So if you're enjoying that piece, you might be robbed of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I warn you I plenty of people drop in there, but it's a different flavor, it's theirs. It's just a little bit more concrete.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, it doesn't. I you have you do different things for newer people in recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it has to do with know all of you are new. Many of you.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a particular recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a thing called group cohesiveness we won't spend too too much time with it, but a group either feels comfortable with itself. In other words, there's some cross talking. Hey, I could talk directly to so and so.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can talk about some of my stories and and there's more trust and helping one another in there. That is what we would call cohesive group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one has a lot a lot of change in it since the end of the week. People are coming and going. It's open, open, open there and I'm kind of always doing an icebreaker and so then that takes up that 15 minutes and then there's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Five minutes left, so I don't have much time to develop that cohesiveness
Gwenevere Abriel: You can find out in real time because maybe you'll go and you'll be the piece of recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That softens it
Gwenevere Abriel: And because it changes. So even though I say it, it changes every week. And just like your group does it changes every week depending on who's there if we can remember that it's your group you get from it what you put in, and you have every right to share as much or as little as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, just let me know.
Lyndsey Lorett: But that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so do let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having any nervousness this morning.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: It says it's a. It has to do with my
Gwenevere Abriel: homie.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: The wound changes have been like really rough lately.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Later calculator your food intake is changed. It's just, you've got more infection, like what's going on.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know if it's in. I don't know if it's infected again. Um, I mean, I usually can tell because my pain level goes up and the smell gets bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that makes sense.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I'm changing it twice a day. So the smell camp. We can't really get
Lyndsey Lorett: A confirm on the smell. But my pain has gone up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this typically when you reach out to your physician and say, hey, something. Something's changed in here and it's not for the better.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, they're only seeing emergency emergency wouldn't patients and they said I could go to the hospital to get a swab.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because you know i battled Murcia,
Lyndsey Lorett: And it just it's upsetting because I worked so hard to get free of Murcia,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know what is there any drop off. Do they have a system for specimen ID and just a specimen drop off. Do they have no
Lyndsey Lorett: No, they, they did. I had to go in to the emergency room to get the swap
Gwenevere Abriel: Have any familiarity with a nurse that you trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: ER doc you trust that you could time it just right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Not, not in Gallo
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter is
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, my dad's best friend is actually an ER doc, Dr. Campbell.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts about doing it like that without throw everything off. It's a specimen was there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you mean to do the swap myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know. I mean, that's the thing. It's like this ER doc because protocols changing fast because maybe this this friend might know something that could help.
Lyndsey Lorett: To help get the swag.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, or
Lyndsey Lorett: Or urging carries they're not seeing any khokhlova 19 patients urgent care.
Lyndsey Lorett: in Farmington so maybe I need to do that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I like it. And there's nothing wrong with a call. So what I've been talking to people about is if we call and say this is what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can say, okay we're accommodating you folks with this, this, this, maybe at least something cool like there's a person out there with a box and a label and you drop the specimen. I mean, what if it was like super convenient and we missed out
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, but if. What if it. What if it's a possibility or you even say it like let's mitigate both of our exposure and yea about this. I don't know.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's a good idea. That's a good idea.
Actually
Lyndsey Lorett: Fear of mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I get it, but it's it
Gwenevere Abriel: Takes forever, forever to get rid of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Resistant
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's embarrassing to smell like something died.
Lyndsey Lorett: I used to say if I don't have green green green. I wonder what gangrene actually smells like because my wound smells awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have to do it twice a day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, the tape my skin. Listen, putting tape on your pubes is never fun
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I imagine putting it on a bad but taking it off can be fun.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I don't even know what month it is. I'm so discombobulated I'm sitting here looking in March.
Gwenevere Abriel: April.
Lyndsey Lorett: You were black yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you think
Lyndsey Lorett: It was a you you're 10 and the black looks good so
Gwenevere Abriel: And everybody notice to. They're like, why aren't you
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Where that's why is filthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that you guys can never tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, it was just, it was just, Whoa, yeah i'm i'm gonna do something about that.
Lyndsey Lorett: glare on I'm like right in the sun.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Well, let's talk about how you you are managing yourself at home you are doing something to get through it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of work, your new skills. Let me hear it without saying anything. What are you doing so that you don't get emotionally activated, or at least mitigate some of the intensity. What are you doing,
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, one I'm I am I'm processing before I speak, making sure that i'm i'm not all huffed and puffed about things.
Lyndsey Lorett: So that I can remember I'm documenting and I and I'm also just trying to be honest with them. I sat down with them and said, I have issues communicating. I have issues, saying, No, and I am trying hard to work on these things. And they said that they would work with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Conversation like that that really seems profound
Gwenevere Abriel: Well here's
Lyndsey Lorett: The thing. It all came down to financial stuff of me having to stand up and say, Okay, no, like, I really you can't keep doing this to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning you can't take my money. I
Lyndsey Lorett: Day I received survivor benefits for all over
Lyndsey Lorett: And they my brother in law wants to buy his stuff every month, and he wants to be indigenous turn over the money and him to
Lyndsey Lorett: Get all of his needs. But I'm his mom and I'm financially in charge of him, and when I do that, it makes me discombobulated so I need consistency and structure and him telling me we don't need something and then days later, stressing me out saying we need something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what is your brother in law actually buying is it stuff.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: The date the diapers, the wipes the
Lyndsey Lorett: Body what you know just baby stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to be in charge of the supplies baby supplies.
Lyndsey Lorett: I have been ever
Lyndsey Lorett: For his whole life. But in the last few months. It's been an issue.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it shouldn't be an issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but it is so let me hear what did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to charge of it's the money is going to come in and I am going to buy the supplies. I like knowing when assessing it
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to have prizes and so you said that
Lyndsey Lorett: I did, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did he say
Lyndsey Lorett: He said he understood. You could tell he was upset and I asked him to to stay there so that if he was getting angry he could talk to me about it, but he left and then he calls his parents and gets mad at them and takes it out on them and
Lyndsey Lorett: I can't affect I can't control his response.
Lyndsey Lorett: But if he's wanting to improve our communication. He needs. Stick around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like this. You were honest, transparent in your communication you are assertive and clear you stated what you wanted. He
Gwenevere Abriel: Was irritable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and left.
Lyndsey Lorett: But he said, It's okay. No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it's okay. No worries, what his actions not consistent with a smile of yo no worries at you. So okay, so there's two communications going on right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the tricky bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one are you going to listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: And nonverbal or the verbal
Lyndsey Lorett: And nonverbal is offensive.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I, I can't control his response and what it felt good to say no. I prefer to get his stuff I and it was a big thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap. Is that a tab at the top foot or
What do you recommend
Lyndsey Lorett: I am my grandparents, they still have my car and there they have an old car and apparently when you turn the air on it taps.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like never even
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, come on. It's funny because you know what, I thought you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I said earlier. Are you feeling nervous. So I'm thinking you're going right TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, that's funny. That's too funny. I want my car back
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness. So, you know, one of your goals you set for yourself. Was I want transparency and honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Did you see it and recognize it in yourself just
Lyndsey Lorett: I did but this fear that was going on inside while I was saying it.
Lyndsey Lorett: It makes me stumble over my words. So I have to like pause like to to be able to get, get it out right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just stay with that for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one said that fear wouldn't be there, not as a naive professional that says the fear won't be there.
Lyndsey Lorett: But wont to ease the more I will. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the more that you literally it's that fraction of a second, where you do watch so I'm mid sentence sentence.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what Fred notice it all. I did. I had memorized said mid sentence. And I went quiet when I did was take a breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's as awkward as it is going to get, but
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so what I was saying, that's it. That's as odd as it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone may notice it and they may say what just happened. You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just taking a breath, what I'm talking about. It's really important to me. And I think it's important to you to you were talking about yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do the I know this is important, or I imagine this is an important piece for us. I imagine it's a stall tactic, but it gives you another second to collect what to say next.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was important to remember. I know how important having the supplies are for Ali some really taking my time and thinking this through. We've had some, you know, some escalations in our conversations in the past. I'm really
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, and I just did it again. I just took a breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do we have to talk so fast. We don't
We don't
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, on one hand. Yes, I can reassure you, it's going to get easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe no one noticed a and b. So what if they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we are scared. It's a scary thing conflict in general is unpleasant unwanted scary threatening. For many people, significantly. So, so, yeah. So, uh, and you can even say it. I'm nervous about this conversation. I wanted to go well.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, yes. When I first started and I was stumbling night I said I need a second because that didn't come out, though, that didn't come out the way I wanted it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I was able to restart and clearly communicate after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that has like triple effect on you just back to back, sense of efficacy. I'm enough you back to back. I'm enough. It's okay, I can mistake I can be scared, while I'm doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can still hold on to my truth. I'm holding on to myself on scared. This is unfamiliar. It took me years to get here to this habit. It will take me some time to get the confidence around doing it this other way. And I'm worth it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, there was an issue with my mother in law when she found out, um, I was in the bathroom and she said, Oh, she doesn't have the money, then if she doesn't want to send you to get it. She doesn't have the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, that is, um, miss. So there's two things there. There's process and there's content. So first of all, that secondhand information. You never asked it to be relayed, number one. Number two, it's inaccurate. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know, you know, too bad for her. She Oh boy, you're really you are making decisions on on secondhand bad information I are more than welcome. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking me. I'm happy to share with you directly if you want to do that in the future, my money, pretty much. It comes in, consistently, I'll let you guys know if there's an issue but
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Lyndsey Lorett: Never not had what he needs.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: I just work. We don't have a whole lot a couple hundred a month, but I make sure that he is good for the whole month
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep those receipts baby cakes, a picture of them emails.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's your record, move on with your life.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hate to be paranoid. But you know what, we can be both. We can we can want to believe in people's
Gwenevere Abriel: Honesty and then there's just going to cover my tush because of fright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Murphy's Law, right, if we protect ourselves that well then nothing will happen. It's just like, Well, maybe I shouldn't bother well
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't think you can ever regret documentation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're already. I can tell you already have that mindset. You've been documenting
Gwenevere Abriel: Through doctors offices things that have gone wrong. And so those receipts to show indeed the consistency. It shows the date the time the supplies. It's a real consistency to it. So just send yourself an email with the snaps. Great. Yes, those pictures of those receipts and move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah. Nice. All right. Um hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we want to revisit a little bit, um, some of the topics we picked up on last time.
Lyndsey Lorett: And yeah, we were going to start something. Remember, huh.
Lyndsey Lorett: But
Lyndsey Lorett: We ended up running out of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so right near the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Got a 90 year are subjective unit. I wasn't actually I didn't know what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I was about your dreams. And I think what I was inviting was this concept of, you know, what's the intent behind and you were sort of starting with, you know, is it you know God.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes intention or is it Satan intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where did you kind of land with how you view your dreams. Now, what do you think about it.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I think it's just real issues that I haven't unlocked the box to and it's like a little reminder that says, beep, beep, beep. I'm not this box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, why don't we just do a little introduction, missy. Who's coming enough to you. Okay, so why don't I do a little introduction of positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Evening in so that you get a flavor of what the EM Dr will feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you have that introduction.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see something or we were going to maybe start
Gwenevere Abriel: The there's so many things to do. It's so exciting. We've got enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Room. I think that's where I was going to start it. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What to do what to do. Let's do let me do a little introduction of the positive waiting, because we have this little chunk of time and
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Could take as many as three or four sessions. It really depends on how it goes, are one. It really varies, but this one. So let's see if we can even do it today. So if you're with your dashboard, not in your car. Is there any junk hanging around like a cop.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, soda cans, something that could sit on your dashboard. Maybe if your phone was set on the dashboard and then next to about shoulder width apart. Well, that wouldn't work. So let me show you what I want, and we'll work it from here. So if I had my druthers, it would look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here would be the phone on my dashboard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then right here next to it would be something higher. It's a dashboard. So it can be really hard. If you run a desk. I would want like a water bottle like a big kind of thermos tall thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even better, a computer screen because then I could just use my blue light going back and forth, but I've worked with what I got. But anyway, so I'm looking for his phone object here and I don't have three hands, but if I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the right side would be this other thing. So in other words, there's a phone in the middle. And there's two objects on the outside of it. Those will be the two objects that my finger to peripheral vision. I will be pointing to them and your eyes will be looking left and right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is that how it works.
Lyndsey Lorett: OK, and then how what what else happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's just start with the logistics for now I'm going to give you whatever you want. I will teach it, tell it, do it as much or as little bit first. I want to see if it's even a possibility.
Do. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: Actually, yeah, you have a breeze can
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it for Brees good
Lyndsey Lorett: Breeze can hear.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Lyndsey Lorett: We'll do my drink here and then I'm gonna put you right in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So me. Yeah, no.
Lyndsey Lorett: Far away. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try this. Tell me that for Brees the for Brees might be a problem might be too high. Let's see what I'm looking for is this. Do you see that I'm looking straight into the phone, you see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Notice my shoulders are facing forward. And the reason why I want that for you. So I want that phone. Somehow, if you have a towel or something that can make it stay from the dashboard to the window, make it stay sticky in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: A hand tell or a scar for a sweater that's in the back that will make it stay because over to the side are going to be those objects. Notice how far away from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it's not going to work. It's got to be this, because look at my eyes. This is what's gonna, it's going to end up happening, you're going to be doing this. The your eyes are going to be center and these two objects are going to be like, you're going to do this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, not, not this
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I have to have this bilateral experience between the two hemispheres. So
Lyndsey Lorett: I did order a phone holder and that's supposed to be here from Amazon on Thursday.
Lyndsey Lorett: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it going to sit in the air conditioner event or on your dashboard.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's gonna um it's a big long thing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I
Lyndsey Lorett: Moved the phone.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, nice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now what do you have that sort of sort of a little tacky, which means like if you had a sweater. Let me show you. I'll do a visual we might be just working the logistics here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what my thought is like like this because if with this. I might be able to make something stay on a dash between the dashboard and my
Gwenevere Abriel: front window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Right here can hold it because there's pressure here there's pressure from the dashboard. Does that make sense.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, double
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a blanket or anything in there.
Lyndsey Lorett: The dashboard it slants it's like down heels things
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, Lindsay. Put your hands straight out in front of you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in front of you right right in front
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even even more over to the left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're getting it. Gorgeous. And now, take your two objects, they may need to be smaller and put them to the left and to the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are almost there, girl.
Lyndsey Lorett: I may have to go smaller because it's all
Gwenevere Abriel: hand lotion. If you have to hand spritz
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, here we go.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now we're just going to do a comfort level. And we're going to get a sense, are they about shoulder width apart. Look at my arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are about shoulder width apart.
Lyndsey Lorett: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not like way out here because that's going to hurt your eyes, that's too far of a look. So we want them about shoulder width apart, so that if I put my arm straight out from my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's about where they would land on my dash dink dink left and right in the phone. I'm in the middle, my fingers going to be pointing. So I'm gonna blow my screen on here.
Lyndsey Lorett: Other one is day
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that, that one thing you have this good as nice and low.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I am too low things
Lyndsey Lorett: Great. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. So let's see. I want you to look, I'm going to set the pace with my finger and all you're going to do is look at the top of those objects, you're going to catch my finger moving from the peripheral vision. Okay, so I want you to top of them. Don't move your head gesture eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to look at me. You're only kind of getting the pace of it. I won't change the pace. So once you get the pace. You're just going to be looking left to right now are you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is one of these things closer to the phone than the other or they equidistant
Lyndsey Lorett: They are equally distant
Gwenevere Abriel: Did that hurt your eyes. Did it feel like a strain.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. See if you can sit up just slightly forward only an inch like not crazy close. I just see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a little delay in the relay, but you would want to continue the pace. You don't need to come because we'd have these additional challenges with the tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unlikely that I would change the pace. If I do, I tend to announce it I'll say something like, oh, I want to slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I say things like this. And let's take an inhale, I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: big belly breath, and then I'll say let's exhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll say, let your mind go blank and then I'll see what's coming up for you. And then you'll give me maybe a short phrase one sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I might say something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. And I would do another iteration. So I just gave you, like, here's the all the stuff I haven't given you about this process. I gave you this. There's a lot more to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I did just now was really get a sense of whether it's even possible in a car. Okay, so what I want to do is I'd like to just do a little bit of positive what's called installing
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a fancy word for just Let's really get deeply into your imagery of your positive figures, you've got first team. And we're going to do it by doing the the manual for I do it. Do you want me to take the rest of the time to explain what we're doing, or do you want me to
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, I want to know. I don't know about.
Lyndsey Lorett: Em, er,
Lyndsey Lorett: Ly never had it don't know what it does, it's been recommended
Lyndsey Lorett: But I don't know a whole lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we may not get to actually doing it today, but at least we got a setup. Now remember what this looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes honey come in the car, try and get as high as you can because we want it. I level, not you, looking down. We don't want that we really want this. So as high as you can in the car, maybe play with it this coming week
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's a bit of an idea. When I say set up for em, Dr. You may want to just start today and always kind of have that setup. So let me a little explanation. I'm glad you spoke up
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically it's I movement Desensitization and Reprocessing only part that you really need to know is the desensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: And reprocessing. Those are two different phenomenon. There are many theories as to what the mechanism of changes the eye movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not, that's not it. It's the bilateral. So in other words, if you were in my office, you would have little buzzers in your hand, you'd have little buzzers in your hand. Boop, boop. You feel it, and you'd also have little headphones on your ears and you have both.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be feeling those and then I would say you could even close your eyes, because for some people, when they want to do imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: They close their eyes. So you're going to get the bilateral stimulation and what I get to do. It's really cool. I have this little machine. I get to change the tone, because the mind will habituate to certain predictable sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll get it'll it won't be distracting anymore. It will be novel and we want that. We want the brain to be preoccupied just enough with what's going on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will call it unconscious or unprocessed information have a chance to come up and they're going to be processed process now now as an adult now with a safe. Other that's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Processed where you can sit with just a very narrow amount of information in our workspace and you'll hear me say pull up into your working mind. I'm just this piece so
Gwenevere Abriel: The basic there's two theories that I kind of go with. There's a lot of them. But again, the mind and brain are still not completely understood yet so we're still kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: understanding it. We're getting better and better at it. But we still don't have it all figured out yet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's two
Gwenevere Abriel: There's two theories. I kind of like and I kind of combine them a little bit. One of them, it's not my favorite is that the left hemisphere and the right hemisphere are
Gwenevere Abriel: Integrating which means they're processing information. Let's say you experienced something when you were little, and it was you didn't have a language for it. It was like there was no wording and that's what our left brain does
Gwenevere Abriel: That emotional experience is typically over on the, on the right brain that's that sort of amygdala response. That's why we feel it so intensely
Gwenevere Abriel: But oftentimes we we don't get to sort of this summary experience of language and story and have it be completed. So the idea is that it's it's integrating both hemispheres. That's not my favorite one.
Gwenevere Abriel: My favorite, favorite one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one I like is that that's because. So notice that you can have bilateral stimulation by just the by just touch going from left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I think the mechanism of change is that it's a it is a distraction that it's so distracting that while I asked you typically the invitations. There's I'm guiding like of the whole time God God God God guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so all you have to do is pay attention to your next thing that comes up. That's pretty much always anything a client really needs to do is just what's coming up what's coming up what's coming up. So what happens is
Gwenevere Abriel: I might say something like this. First of all, there's this experience where we find a target I find out what this target negative belief about the self is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this memory and I'll ask you to probably do two things when you're doing the desensitization part I might say, what's the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Image of that that you just and you don't have to tell me what it is. So anything about this. It's not a talk therapy. You're not talking to me and telling me what that was. You don't have to re traumatize yourself and talk about it, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to witness girl I will hear it but you don't have to. For it to work.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's enough desensitisation exposure therapy for you to think it to pull it up so you can unlock the box you can take out a little bit. Maybe you look in you like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the trickiest part you pull it out. You hold it in your in your mind that as small as patient as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the key is that it not go everywhere to every awful thing that's ever happened. We want to just work with that piece and then I might say, now I want you to also hold in that working awareness. I want you to think about that negative cognition and the rate for
Gwenevere Abriel: For the desensitization is much faster. So the eye movements going to be faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Experiencing things, then I'll check in and say what's coming up for you and you'll tell me, and I might say let's bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: The resources or I might not. Maybe we'll just stick with the sensitizing that's sort of where my part comes in, but you can always always always always always say stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, or just stop. Okay, I'm never going to be offended you register. What is too much too little.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be checking in on the suds I'll be able to sort of know where you are. If you're feeling flooded with emotions. We'll start with a number of, say, where are we at with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, there's a lot of moving parts with this, but you don't have to do any of them except just listen to my guidance, each one and pay attention to yourself. There might be times when you want more. And you might say, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do this and because you don't need to stop. Nobody keep going because something's coming up and you want to sit with it, even a few seconds longer. Okay, so then you don't want me to stop. Okay, so then you keep you might do that just say I want to keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a little bit of theory on so desensitization is bringing up some of that negative experience that when it was originally imprinted in the hippocampus. You were flooded likely
Gwenevere Abriel: With the Limbic Systems sort of arousal hormones, right, you've got this cortisol covering. You don't have a good time stamp anymore. You've heard that part before on this big pieces that are missing. And so it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Integrated it's not desensitize it might be intruding into dreams coming out of nowhere. We might have these relived experiences in the moment that feel like there's too much. Did you sensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much like, you know, hey, I'm afraid of spiders. Well, we'll just put, you know, we'll put one
Gwenevere Abriel: In three houses down and just do knowing it's there is where we might start. Well, this is the same concept, except you're just thinking about it. You don't even have to say it. It's still exposure therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's, I find it less far less intrusive, then let's talk about it because some people don't want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: The other parts we talked about desensitization the reprocessing that's the piece, and I may have touched on it a little bit has to do with the fact that sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't have access because we were so flooded. We didn't have an access to a narrative, the left side, we don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Access to that. So it's just feels emotional and so when we get to reprocess it now it's oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm okay now I'm not ashamed. Huh. No, I feel my body. Now I'm okay that was then, this is now and there's a restoring of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just so you know. Yeah. So it's kind of cool. It does both. I happen to do another level of all of that and more. We haven't even gotten into positive, negative, and how true they think these things are. But there's another layer on top of it, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I do attachment focused Cmdr. So it isn't just that I'm also doing this part in here between you and I are paying very close attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: That this is happening between us, that you're not alone. You're not doing this alone that you have another human being that's listening to you that cares for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for some people. That's really important. It doesn't mean it's going to be a real central piece for you, maybe you will maybe it won't. But I'll should be able to pick up on some cues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can look it up. Go. It's the go
Lyndsey Lorett: I just want to know that I'm getting the most out of, out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah. Well, you're getting the most out of it sitting in a car using, you know, yes. I wish you were here on my couch. That's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: The most out of it with the resources that we have. Yes, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm watching people I've been doing it now because I was like, is this going to work on Telehealth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I wasn't doing it before. I've been doing it now. I think it's about four months, and it's working.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, that's good knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So I mean, ideally, I just want to tell you would be on a computer screen because then it's my little blue light, that you can be looking at that would be ideal.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so then I have a question by my father in law. What I he wants me to go in the garage with his computer and ear phones.
Lyndsey Lorett: They can't hear me. It's detached from the house and then I have that space, but I didn't know if I would hold back because I didn't want anyone hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do a couple of different things you could let say set up your little phone you can download a white noise on app on your phone, you can put that right right there, leaning on the door, we're little ears might be snoop snoop. You can have that running
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a whole bunch of machines. This is a really old school one this is old school. I have you. But here's one. So, this is what they used to look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: They so listen
Gwenevere Abriel: You're it. It's a very common tool for therapists that just outside their door to your little ears were walking by, I have two more than or electronic they're much better because it gets this sound of more like a human voice. And so then it you can't hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, but there are kind of pricey. So the app is cheap or free. So I take a nap.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's a good idea, though, that but that's that's a really good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also may have things already around like a fan that could be right in front of the door that you plug in some other heater.
Gwenevere Abriel: Running right there. Something that's a real even keel sound on that you could have said right there.
I don't know.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, well, if you're willing to try it with me. Let's try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm I want it. I want you on a bigger screen.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: My son.
Lyndsey Lorett: Has covered his voice, and he
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone just texted you see your, your voice actually just went muted.
Lyndsey Lorett: You hear me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, he's like a cave, baby. And he just screams like he'll just that's his excitement coming out and he's just really loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no on my side. You mentioned you feeling safe. That's the most I will do whatever you can see. All right, I'll adapt whatever I've got people hanging tape from their sun visor with two objects hanging down
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to worry about me. I'll do whatever it takes to make it happen. We want to stay in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine with me. But I want you, because if you're holding back if you're not going to just relax into the body and let the muscles relax and if you're going to be distracted over here. You won't benefit as much
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look and see what what's you know maybe that setting of where you sit, is way off away from
Gwenevere Abriel: From ears. You can even test it and say, Hey, Joe, have a seat talk at regular voice. I want to see if I can hear you through the door. You can test it, you know, just some things just to check and see so that your safety your safety's
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you need me to message a doctor. Are you out of any of the support medicine buprenorphine. Do you need me to message the doc.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I did.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Am Not sure. So this whole time every day before the one changes. I was taking a Xanax
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I remember I
Lyndsey Lorett: haven't taken one in over like a month and a half. What I'm really struggling with the Loon changes. And so I don't know if that's something I talked to Dr. Gabriel about or you or I'm just, I know I have a pain I'm meeting with the pain doctor and maybe that will help
Lyndsey Lorett: On another level. So I'm not really wanting to jump into
Gwenevere Abriel: hope someone texted yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, Lindsay, your, your number one you are conscious. You're aware you're in a treatment program you're clearly very conscious of. I don't want to add another dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're using the benzodiazepine intermittently as needed isn't going to create the the dependence on it is one of those substances that if you were using daily, you wouldn't need to tie it right down so you don't have like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what the amount is but it is one of the ones that you need to tie trick down from but you're not using it daily.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't do that, you're right. I wasn't using it daily. So when I went to stop it wasn't. I didn't have any uncomfortableness at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't say it was uncomfortable. I didn't say what it was because I didn't want to scare you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I figured trade trade means
Gwenevere Abriel: Something so touch rate means coming down on it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But so I just want to keep it nice and narrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now it's not an issue. You're not taking it every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to stay in my lane, and I'm going to say, why don't you talk to y'all about it. But when you're talking to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about awareness of using another substance using it as it is prescribed and that's exactly what is prescribed for the second piece. It is a sedative, just like
Gwenevere Abriel: An op. It is so that is a concern, your day. If you take a half a milligram or full you take a full Malcolm. We're going to be wiped out for the day. So I don't know what how you want your day to go, but you might not be as productive as she's like
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, that's true, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a fourth of a milligram maybe half a milligram. If you want to stay awake. So I don't know what your doctor and you have decided about that you use them before.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you are, if you send a message to your doc and say, This is how much I'm taking when I'm taking it. Then if you were to test positive for benzodiazepine on drug screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: We would already know in advance. You're going to hear it. Look, this is already Dr. A coordinated and off you go. It's not going to be anything
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I do I call virtual clinic to set up an appointment with Dr. April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me do something really quick. Let me just see.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I think it might be good just to go over some things with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see if she's free now she I'm trying to add her into
Gwenevere Abriel: On the spot I call and drop ins. We're trying this new thing and you log in. Now to it doesn't work, we'll move on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I tried all day yesterday. She's like, I was busy. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it your school supposed to choose the one on one of those. I was like okay you crack me up. Um, can you give me a different
Gwenevere Abriel: Oops, I put Dr. Rob real instead of your name.
Lyndsey Lorett: Be Dr.
Lyndsey Lorett: In her little Santa Fe home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know thank home yeah she's got a cute little spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Um, OK. So maybe that'll work out. Maybe it won't. But yes, the answer is yes, you can log on and say I'm, can you please scheduled me for a time to to meet with Dr. Rail and then she'll carve out some time for you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the meantime, is she in there. And let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: God
Gwenevere Abriel: I messaged her this morning. She didn't respond.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so let's schedule. Our next appointment. I do have someone I know it's hard to believe, but there is someone right now at 7am on April 22
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to meet at 10 not gonna throw your day off completely.
Lyndsey Lorett: Wednesday at 10
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, that's fine. That's perfect.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got April next individual therapy April 22 10am and we're good there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm kind of wondering if she's going to respond. Doesn't look like
Lyndsey Lorett: I can, what we can. I'll call virtual clinic and carve out some time.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what are you driving out to your daughter.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm leaving right after we hang up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you out of here. Let's just see if she wants to answer.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I am I'm most certain that I will be at the Thursday at 11 group next week.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can addition. You're saying
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she's Susan. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoy your daughter and I look forward to seeing you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next weekend group or
Gwenevere Abriel: On the fly to drop in tomorrow or Friday completely up to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye bye.